---
title: Terms and Conditions of the intelligent-EMB website
---

Welcome to intelligent-EMB!

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of intelligent-EMB's Website, located at <https://iemb.dabby.studio>.

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use intelligent-EMB if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

The intelligent-EMB developers are committed to ensuring that the website is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the website or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for using the website or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The intelligent-EMB website stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your devices and access to the website secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your device, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your device vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the intelligent-EMB website won’t work properly or at all.

The website does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service provider(s) used by the website

- [Azure Cloud Computing Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/)

You should be aware that there are certain things that The intelligent-EMB developers will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the website will require the website to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but The intelligent-EMB developers cannot take responsibility for the website not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the website outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the website, or other third party charges. In using the website, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the website outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the website, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the website.

Along the same lines, The intelligent-EMB developers cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the website i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, The intelligent-EMB developers cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to The intelligent-EMB developers’s responsibility for your use of the website, when you’re using the website, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. The intelligent-EMB developers accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the website.

We may wish to stop providing this Service, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end.

## Changes to This Terms and Conditions

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-02-02

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us via Telegram [@dabby_dabby_chicken_wing](https://t.me/dabby_dabby_chicken_wing)

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) and modified accordingly based on our needs.
